Add git commands in README.dev (#57)
TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl: README.dev.md

- Once Issues have been addressed by merged PRs, they will automatically move to Done.
- If you want to discuss an issue at the next group meeting, mark it with the "question" label.
- Issues without updates for 60 days (and PRs without updates in 30 days) will be labelled as "stale" and filtered out of view. There is a Stale project board to view and revive these.

## Most commonly used Git commands in the contributing flow

Assuming `origin` is the important repository, i.e., not the fork.

First, update your local main branch.

- `git switch main`
- `git fetch --all --prune`
- `git merge --ff-only origin/main`

Then, create a new branch, work, commit, and push.

- `git switch -c NEW_BRANCH_ISSUE`
- Coding...

> - `git commit -am "COMMENT"`: Equivalent to `git commit -a -m "COMMENT"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `git commit -am "A short but descriptive commit messag"`: Equivalent to `git commit -a -m "commit msg"`.
```

- `git push myfork main`

> **Warning**
>
> If you have a conflict on your main, it will appear now. You can delete your old `main` branch using `git reset --hard origin/main`.

Now, we are going to rebase our local feature branch.

- `git switch BRANCH_NAME`
- `git rebase main BRANCH_NAME`

> It will say you have Conflicts. Open the file(s) and edit it to remove the conflicts, until you have legible code. CTRL+S to save the file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will say you have Conflicts. Open the file(s) and edit it to remove the conflicts, until the code looks correct to you.
```
`Ctrl+s` can be different from editor to editor

- `git diff`: Check that changes are correct.
- `git add FILE_NAME`
- `git diff --staged`: Another way to check changes, i.e., what you will see in the pull request.

Run the tests and the linter.

On Julia:

```julia-pkg
pkg> test
```

On the bash/git bash terminal, the pre-commit:

```bash
. env/bin/activate # if necessary (for Windows the command is: . env/Scripts/activate)
pre-commit run -a
```

If there are things to fix, do it.

> Then, add them again (`git add`), and repeat the tests and linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, add them again (`git add`), rerun the tests & linter, and commit.
```
